README.md, before:

## Project Overview

This is the seventh and final project for Udacity's Front-End Nanodegree Grow with Google Scholarship program.

The project is a simple React app that uses React Maps and the FourSquare API. This map, in particular, shows the best breweries (in my opinion) in the Detroit area.

## Setup and Installation

To install the app simply clone or download this repository and navigate to the folder location in your terminal. Then follow these steps:

1. Run npm install to install all project dependencies
2. Run npm start to start the development server
3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser

## Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

## Acknowledgements

* Udacity Student Project Leaders
* Forrest Walker Neighborhood Map Walkthrough
* Doug Brown Neighborhood Map Walkthrough
* Eman Neighborhood Map Walkthrough from EMEA Cohort
* 1:1 Study Session with Udacity Student Ashleigh[FEND]

Commit message:

added default service worker details

README.md, after:

## Project Overview

This is the seventh and final project for Udacity's Front-End Nanodegree Grow with Google Scholarship program.

The project is a simple React app that uses React Maps and the FourSquare API. This map, in particular, shows the best breweries (in my opinion) in the Detroit area.

## Setup and Installation

To install the app simply clone or download this repository and navigate to the folder location in your terminal. Then follow these steps:

1. Run npm install to install all project dependencies
2. Run npm start to start the development server
3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser

Note that the default service worker is used in this app (bootstrapped with create-react-app) and so only works in production build.

## Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

## Acknowledgements

* Udacity Student Project Leaders
* Forrest Walker Neighborhood Map Walkthrough
* Doug Brown Neighborhood Map Walkthrough
* Eman Neighborhood Map Walkthrough from EMEA Cohort
* 1:1 Study Session with Udacity Student Ashleigh[FEND]
